nearly 8 months into Israel's war on
Gaza Palestinians whose lives have been
upended by death and destruction see
some light in the
darkness that's after President Biden
unveiled a new proposal to end the
war we welcome this we hope the war will
stop in order for us to go back to our
areas and our houses in the north we
have suffered a lot we hope he will
support the Palestinian people and we
hope he is serious about reaching a
ceasefire agreement we want a ceasefire
because we are very tired physically and
psychologically the proposal lays out
three phases the first would last 6
weeks and include a ceasefire and
withdrawal of Israeli forces from
populated areas of Gaza it would also
include the exchange of Israeli captives
for Palestinians held in Israeli jails
in a second phase Israel and Hamas would
work towards a permanent end to
hostilities and the third will involve
the reconstruction of Gaza this is truly
a decisive
moment Israel has made their
proposal Hamas says it wants to cease
fire this deal is an opportunity to
prove whether they really mean it Biden
described it as an Israeli deal but a
statement from the office of its prime
minister says Israel's conditions for
ending the war have not changed the
destruction of hamas's military and
governing capabilities the freeing of
all hostages and ensuring that Gaza no
longer poses a threat to Israel the
American pressure on Israel or maybe on
both sides a and a a strategy of
creating some
ambiguity that will increase the
pressures all the pressures on netan not
only from the United States also from
Europe and the rest of the world Hamas
has also reacted saying the movement
reaffirms it Readiness to positively
engage and cooperate with any proposal
on the foundation of a permanent
ceasefire complete withdrawal from the
Gaza Strip reconstruction the return of
displaced persons to their homes and the
completion of a genuine prisoner
exchange deal from massacres in
displacement camps to being haunted by
starvation and disease in a strip of
land rendered
uninhabitable many Palestinians are
clinging to the hope that a deal will
finally be reached that can change this
reality Lura Khan Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz